Detail on the synchronization upload api (#255)
JupiterOne/docs: docs/jupiterone-api.md

}
```

### Upload batch of entities and relationships

> Batch upload accepts the formats: `json`, `csv`, and `yaml` sent as text the
> request body. The following `Content-Type` request headers should be set
> accordingly for the intended type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Batch upload accepts the formats: `json`, `csv`, and `yaml` sent as text in the
request body. The following `Content-Type` request headers should be set
according to the intended type:
```

| Format | Content-Type         |
| :----: | -------------------- |
|  json  | `'application/json'` |
|  yaml  | `'application/yaml'` |
|  csv   | `'text/csv'`         |

In the case of a `csv`, the type of graph object ("entity" or "relationship") is
inferred by the presence of one or more of the following the columns:
`_fromEntityKey`, `_fromEntityId`, `_toEntityKey`, `_toEntityId`.

**Sample request:**

```text
POST /persister/synchronization/jobs/f445397d-8491-4a12-806a-04792839abe3/upload
```

**Entity / Relationship JSON:**

> ```json

Reviewer 2: Let's add `_class` and `displayName` to all of these example entities and relationships to make it more clear and this will be consistent with the CSV example.

{
  "entities": [
    {
      "_key": "1",
      "_type": "fake_entity"
    },
    {
      "_key": "2",
      "_type": "fake_entity"
    },
    {
      "_key": "3",
      "_type": "fake_entity"
    }
  ],
  "relationships": [
    {
      "_key": "a",
      "_type": "fake_relationship",
      "_fromEntityKey": "1",
      "_toEntityKey": "2"
    },
    {
      "_key": "b",
      "_type": "fake_relationship",
      "_fromEntityKey": "2",
      "_toEntityKey": "3"
    }
  ]
}
```

> **Entity Relationship CSV**

Author: Added 👍

```csv
"_type","_class","_key","displayName","_fromEntityKey","_toEntityKey"
"<a relationship type>","<a relationship class>","<a relationship key>","my_relationship_name","<an entity key>","<an entity key>"
"<a entity type>","<a entity class>","<an entity key>","my_entity_name",,
```

**Sample response:**

```json
{
  "job": {
    "source": "api",
    "scope": "my-sync-job",
    "id": "f445397d-8491-4a12-806a-04792839abe3",
    "status": "AWAITING_UPLOADS",
    "startTimestamp": 1586915752483,
    "numEntitiesUploaded": 3,
    "numEntitiesCreated": 0,
    "numEntitiesUpdated": 0,
    "numEntitiesDeleted": 0,
    "numRelationshipsUploaded": 2,
    "numRelationshipsCreated": 0,
    "numRelationshipsUpdated": 0,
    "numRelationshipsDeleted": 0
  }
}
```

### Upload batch of entities

> Batch upload accepts the formats: `json`, `csv`, and `yaml` sent as text the
> request body. The following `Content-Type` request headers should be set
> accordingly for the intended type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Batch upload accepts the formats: `json`, `csv`, and `yaml` sent as text in the
request body. The following `Content-Type` request headers should be set
according to the intended type:
```

### Upload batch of relationships

> Batch upload accepts the formats: `json`, `csv`, and `yaml` sent as text the
> request body. The following `Content-Type` request headers should be set
> accordingly for the intended type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Batch upload accepts the formats: `json`, `csv`, and `yaml` sent as text in the
request body. The following `Content-Type` request headers should be set
according to the intended type:
```

columns automatically. If the value can be converted to a number or boolean, it
will be converted during the upload process.

To include complex JSON structures (e.g. arrays or objects) within a csv column,
there are two acceptable ways to express these structures:

**Double Quote Format**

Use double quotes `""` to escape quotes within an JSON array or object. This
format is the most common way to express and escape quote characters when
embedding JSON within a csv column.

_JSON Array_:

```csv
"_type","_class","_key","_id","custom"
"my_type","my_class","my_key","my_id","[""my_value"",100,true]"
```

_JSON Object_:

```csv
type,class,key,custom
my_type,my_class,my_key,"{""my_string"": ""my_value"",""my_number"":100,""my_boolean"":true}"
```

**Column Dot Notation**

JSON arrays and objects can also be described by using the value's JSON path
(via dot notation) within the name of the column. Each property or element of
that JSON would then receive its own column.

_JSON Array_:

```csv
"_type","_class","_key","_id","custom.0","custom.1","custom.2"
"my_type","my_class","my_key","my_id","my_value","100","true"
```

_JSON Object_:

```csv

> "_type","_class","_key","_id","_custom"

Author: Whoops, thanks!
